README.md, before:

# Awesome-Waitlist

[![Made by AI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20by-AI-lightgrey?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/mefengl/made-by-ai)

A curated list of awesome waitlists for various AI plugins, services, and tools related to OpenAI, GitHub Copilot, and other AI development resources.

## Contents

- [waitlist](#waitlist)
- [OpenAI](#openai)
- [GitHub Copilot](#github-copilot)
- [GitHubNext](#githubnext)
- [Anthropic](#anthropic)

## waitlist

- [waitlist](https://waitlist.wtf) - It's a waitlist for waitlists. Join the waitlist for waitlists.

## OpenAI

- [OpenAI Waitlist Plugins](https://openai.com/waitlist/plugins) - Join the waitlist for various AI plugins powered by OpenAI.

## GitHub Copilot

- [Chat Waitlist Signup](https://github.com/github-copilot/chat_waitlist_signup/join) - Sign up for the GitHub Copilot chat waitlist, an AI-powered coding assistant.

## GitHubNext

- [Copilot for Docs](https://githubnext.com/projects/copilot-for-docs) - Join the waitlist for Copilot integration with documentation, bringing AI assistance to your documentation process.
- [Copilot for Pull Requests](https://githubnext.com/projects/copilot-for-pull-requests) - Join the waitlist for Copilot integration with pull requests, enhancing code reviews with AI suggestions.
- [Copilot CLI](https://githubnext.com/projects/copilot-cli) - Join the waitlist for Copilot command-line interface (CLI), enabling AI-powered coding assistance in your terminal.

## Anthropic

- [Claude](https://www.anthropic.com/earlyaccess) - Join the waitlist for Claude, a next-generation AI assistant for your tasks, no matter the scale

## Contributing

If you would like to add a new AI-related waitlist to the list, please follow these steps:

1. Fork this repository.
2. Add the new waitlist to the appropriate section in alphabetical order.
3. Create a pull request with a brief description of the waitlist.

Please make sure the waitlist is relevant to the AI development community and follows the format of the existing entries.

Commit message:

chore(README.md): reorganize contents and add Taxy.AI to the list of waitlists feat(README.md): add link and description for Taxy.AI waitlist

README.md, after:

# Awesome-Waitlist

[![Made by AI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20by-AI-lightgrey?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/mefengl/made-by-ai)

A curated list of awesome waitlists for various AI plugins, services, and tools related to OpenAI, GitHub Copilot, and other AI development resources.

## Contents

- [Taxy.AI](#taxyai)
- [waitlist](#waitlist)
- [Anthropic](#anthropic)
- [OpenAI](#openai)
- [GitHub Copilot](#github-copilot)
- [GitHubNext](#githubnext)

## Taxy.AI

- [Taxy.AI](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScAFKI1fZ1cXhBmSp2HM93Jvuc8Jvrxh5iSbkKhtwKN-OHoTQ/viewform) - Taxy.AI uses GPT-4 to control your web browser and take actions on your behalf. You give the high-level instructions and Taxy figures out exactly what steps to take.

## waitlist

- [waitlist](https://waitlist.wtf) - It's a waitlist for waitlists. Join the waitlist for waitlists.

## Anthropic

- [Claude](https://www.anthropic.com/earlyaccess) - Join the waitlist for Claude, a next-generation AI assistant for your tasks, no matter the scale

## OpenAI

- [OpenAI Waitlist Plugins](https://openai.com/waitlist/plugins) - Join the waitlist for various AI plugins powered by OpenAI.

## GitHub Copilot

- [Chat Waitlist Signup](https://github.com/github-copilot/chat_waitlist_signup/join) - Sign up for the GitHub Copilot chat waitlist, an AI-powered coding assistant.

## GitHubNext

- [Copilot for Docs](https://githubnext.com/projects/copilot-for-docs) - Join the waitlist for Copilot integration with documentation, bringing AI assistance to your documentation process.
- [Copilot for Pull Requests](https://githubnext.com/projects/copilot-for-pull-requests) - Join the waitlist for Copilot integration with pull requests, enhancing code reviews with AI suggestions.
- [Copilot CLI](https://githubnext.com/projects/copilot-cli) - Join the waitlist for Copilot command-line interface (CLI), enabling AI-powered coding assistance in your terminal.

## Contributing

If you would like to add a new AI-related waitlist to the list, please follow these steps:

1. Fork this repository.
2. Add the new waitlist to the appropriate section in alphabetical order.
3. Create a pull request with a brief description of the waitlist.

Please make sure the waitlist is relevant to the AI development community and follows the format of the existing entries.
